1) Introduction
2) Project Descritpion
3) Flowchart
4) Demo
5) Challenges Overcome (brief)



1)
	Aliaksandr Begins the introduction as the team leader. We then proceed to introduce ourselves
	
		Hello everyone, my name is Aliaksandr and I am the team leader overseeing the Chess Project. And these are my teamates
		*Everyone else introduces themselves*
		

2)
	Someone goes over project description
	
		For our project, the objective was to create a chess board and be able to determine whether or not a move is valid or invalid. To get the move in question
		we need to have user input for the move generation. Carson will now go over the overview of our process on how we created this.

3)
	Carson goes over the flowchart and gives a brief description
	
		For this project we created a flowchart showing overall process simplified through order of events. To begin we hit the play button in
		the top left of eclipse to run the program. When the program begins to run the Square function is then called to create the chess board in question.
		After the chess board is generated the piece placeholders are then placed on the board through the getInitialPieces function and the pieces are placed
		with the getPiece function. Now we wait for user input. You can now either close the program using the X at the top right of the program or right click
		a piece to select it. When the piece is selected it will be hilighted yellow reflecting that it has been selecting. With a piece is selected the user
		must now Left Click a desired location for the piece to move to. If the move is valid the piece will move to the selected location, however if it is
		invalid the console will print invalid and nothing will happen. After this process is completed we now return back to user input and begin the 
		sequence again. That is the overview of our process now I will send it over to Manadi to give a breif description on how we created the board itself.

4)
	Manadi Starts off the demo with how we created the chess board itself and placed the pieces
	
		In order to create the board itself we Created the Board.java file which contains the Board class. In this class we have the public ints startCol
		and startRow and a Two dimensional Square Array that determines the amount of squares in the chess board. With this we set the squares to 8x8. Now 
		that the square layout is created next we color coded them in the Square.java file inside the Square Class. Here we color coded the squares in black
		and white. To do this we have an IF statment that checks if (row + col) sum mod 2 == 0. If so the cell color is White otherwise the cell color is Black.
		With this the Board is now created.
		

5)
	Nihar goes over the process of user interface and instructions
	

	Aliaksandr goes over the process of moving pieces and rules
